>In this section, referees (and other players) will find the fundamentals of play and interaction within the role-playing strategy game, **Pursuing _the_ Dream**.  

## What Is a Role-Playing Strategy Game?
If role-playing strategy games are new to you, they can feel daunting when attempting to tackle them as a concept. Don’t worry, though. Role-playing strategy games are about friendly competition and constructive collaboration between players, even for the game’s referee(s). While competition does exist, it is best to remember the word collaboration here. Collaboration is a form of entertainment and a way to produce exciting outcomes and not boring, uneventful gaming experiences. Quite the opposite. Collaboration between institutions of higher learning (IHLs) (and even between individual players) is the best way to develop each IHL, explore the future of higher education, and craft wonderful, enriching experiences that will stick with each player. 

Two more aspects of role-playing strategy games, aside from competition and collaboration, are **_role-playing_** and **_strategy_**. 

In essence, role-playing games require most individual players to take on a persona, which has been tailored for the game story. In Pursuing the Dream, players, as a group, take on the persona of an established institution of higher learning (IHL) within the fictional state of Deseret. For example, Archuleta Community College (ACC), a small, rural community college nestled in the San Juan Mountains, might be a group’s persona. As ACC, we’ll use its abbreviated name, players will interact with their fellow competitors and their own in-game personas, along with the referee(s) and their non-player characters (NPCs). ACC might also interact with the referee in how a situation might be role-played, how something might progress forward, and how challenging a given task might be. In all, players playing as ACC are indistinguishable from ACC as an institution. Everything ACC wants, the players want. Everything ACC does, the players have a hand in from the get-go. When the referee interacts with ACC, it is on the basis that the players playing ACC are acting in the interests of their institution of higher learning, Archuleta Community College. 

In terms of strategy, players acting as (say) ACC are going to determine the direction of the college, the policies enacted, and even the aggressiveness of (say) its dual enrollment and recruiting programs. Strategy means thinking ahead, thinking of hiccups or stumbling points that might lie ahead, and determining the best use of resources and an IHL’s characteristics. In other words, strategy is more than mere competition with other players, hoping to defeat them in the game; it is about thinking forward and thinking in the long term. 

## Collaboration & Competition
While traditional role-playing games are about collaboration, traditional strategy games are usually interested in seeing players best one another in competition between fellow players. A role-playing strategy game, such as **Pursuing _the_ Dream**, is a combination of the elements of teased out by collaboration and competition. It is best to think of these two elements as being complimentary in many respects. Collaboration can exist between IHLs, who wish to best (**Think:** compete with) another IHL that is dominating the game with more victory points than those trailing behind. Thus, it is best to think of collaboration as a way to achieve success and ensure the objectives of a given IHL are accomplished. Collaboration doesn’t stop there. Collaboration is required to exist between those players who share the same IHL, meaning they must work as teammates, all the while collaborating and competing with the other IHLs found in game. Competition, and the need to be successful, brings out collaborative elements with this game. IHLs might team up in the interest of scoring more victory points or looking to unseat the dominant IHL in the State of Deseret. Thus, collaboration should not be seen as a form of uneventful, boring gameplay. Quite the opposite, in fact. Collaboration between players helps team-build, immerses players in the game world, and, more importantly, creates an exciting dynamic experience players will find more meaningful. Remember: We are wanting to create meaningful experiences here. Meaningful experiences are how we get players to connect with the why of higher education.

## Object of the Game
To win a game of **Pursuing _the_ Dream**, an IHL must obtain **_at least_** one hundred (100) victory points. Once this victory condition has been met, the referee(s) will announce that the victory condition has been satisfied to all teams involved. All IHLs begin their journey toward pursuing _the_ dream with zero (0) victory points at the beginning of the game. Victory points are awarded by the game’s referee, who assign victory points based on how well a given IHL accomplishes certain objectives, tackles challenges, expands their influence, and role-plays a given situation in-game. 

## Secondary Role of _ALL_ Players
For those who are playing as IHLs, and even those acting as referees, there is a secondary role each player **_must_** fulfill: Make this an enjoyable (and collective) experience. In other words, **Pursuing _the_ Dream** is best experienced and enjoyed as a collaborative storytelling and friendly competition-based endeavor, with everyone, not just the referees, sharing ideas and looking into opportunities to make the game exciting, entertaining, and a collective endeavor worth pursuing altogether. 
