## Welcome to _Pursuing_ the _Dream_
**_Pursuing_ the _Dream_** is a strategy roleplaying game about American higher education and is set in the fictional state of Deseret.

Every year, millions of college-age Americans pursue the dream of higher education, which comes with a promise of finding living wages, stability, and upward mobility. While many problematic narratives concerning higher education are fraught with their usual clichés of incompetent administrators and administrative bloat, absentee staff, and aloof instructors, adjuncts, and professors, these same narratives often miss the higher callings and idealism that are associated with higher education in America. 

**_Pursuing_ the _Dream_** is about understanding what it takes to tackle these higher callings and idealism that often come with higher education in America. The narratives you’ll find in this game are tales of hard-fought battles between higher education administrators and state legislators to make education more equitable and responsive to student needs. The narratives shown here will show higher education is a worthwhile (and often frustrating) collective effort, one made possible by administrators, staff, faculty, students, and even members of the community. Higher education, while imperfect and still in need of tender-loving care (TLC), from time to time, is rarely stuck in stasis. Innovation, leadership, and community building for future problems, for those wicked problems, are at the heart of any institution of higher learning. That means change is an inevitable part of life and work in higher education in America. 

As the student loan and enrollment crises loom and existential threats crop up, higher education is at a crossroads in the early twenty-first century. While higher education can be innovative, it can also stifle innovation among its ranks. Leadership sometimes falls flat, and the communities higher education institutions serve are left scrambling for much-needed guidance and leadership. The horror stories don’t stop there, however. Institutions of higher learning have a lot to contend with—good, bad, and ugly. 

In **_Pursuing_ the _Dream_**, players must find a way forward for their respective institutions of higher learning. They must work together. They must be innovative. They must think outside of the box, as cliché as it sounds. Players will need to find a future place for their institutions of higher learning, all the while ensuring students, for decades to come, are able to pursue their dreams of living wage jobs, stability, and upward mobility. In essence, colleges and universities are attempting to fulfill a promise made long ago, concerning life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 

Higher callings and idealism are often ignored when organizations become part of industries or sectors. They lose their **_why_**. They simply produce, without a care, and the products, the consumers, and the communities they serve suffer as a result. Here you are all coming together for the future of higher education, and, more importantly, to discover the **_why_** of higher education. 

**You are all here to make the dream come true.**
